# Estimate Google AdSense revenue

*Source: https://www.mypminterview.com/p/product-estimate-google-adsense-revenue*

---

Estimate Google AdSense revenue

How would you estimate revenue generated by Google AdSense?

Share this post with a friendSince you liked this post, why not share it to help spread the word?Share



In this product management interview question, the interviewer is assessing your ability to provide quick estimates related to a product. The estimation could be about revenue, the number of users, or something else. Why is the interviewer asking you to do this? Because as a product manager you may need to estimate the size of a new market or revenue, or any other business opportunity, to convince stakeholders of a new idea. Therefore, this is an essential skill.

The interviewer is evaluating you on the following:

Are you methodical and articulate when explaining your estimation approach?Is the interviewer able to follow you when you make calculations?Can you make calculations quickly?Do you explain your assumptions convincingly?

Are you methodical and articulate when explaining your estimation approach?

Is the interviewer able to follow you when you make calculations?

Can you make calculations quickly?

Do you explain your assumptions convincingly?

The key to answering estimation questions is to separate the “how-to” from the calculations. Separating operations from calculations prevents the interviewer and you from getting lost in calculations and losing track of what you are calculating. An estimation tree does this. Using an estimation tree allows you to explain your logic behind the operations first, to then focus solely on calculations.

Here is how to structure the answer:



Ask clarifying questions to agree on the scope of the estimation.Explain a top-line equation. Introduce a top-line equation to explain your overall approach.State your assumptions.Draw an estimation tree. Label the top component with the result you want to get and the time range it covers (e.g., a year). Break down the root component into sub-components (A, B, C) that you aggregate with arithmetic operators. Explain your logic behind the arithmetic operations For example, why are you multiplying A times B and dividing by C? Explain any assumptions using something that is common knowledge or a familiar scenario that the interviewer is likely to agree with. Repeat this step if you need to break down a component into additional sub-components.Calculate from the bottom up. Start at the base of the tree and calculate results for each component branch until you reach the top component (the result you want to get).Do a sanity check. Check whether your estimation is in the ballpark by comparing it with a benchmark you know. If your estimate is not in the ballpark, check your assumptions, identify which one is wrong, and explain a possible cause for the miscalculation to the interviewer. As long as you have an explanation, your answer will be well received.

Ask clarifying questions to agree on the scope of the estimation.

Explain a top-line equation. Introduce a top-line equation to explain your overall approach.

State your assumptions.

Draw an estimation tree. Label the top component with the result you want to get and the time range it covers (e.g., a year). Break down the root component into sub-components (A, B, C) that you aggregate with arithmetic operators. Explain your logic behind the arithmetic operations For example, why are you multiplying A times B and dividing by C? Explain any assumptions using something that is common knowledge or a familiar scenario that the interviewer is likely to agree with. Repeat this step if you need to break down a component into additional sub-components.

Calculate from the bottom up. Start at the base of the tree and calculate results for each component branch until you reach the top component (the result you want to get).

Do a sanity check. Check whether your estimation is in the ballpark by comparing it with a benchmark you know. If your estimate is not in the ballpark, check your assumptions, identify which one is wrong, and explain a possible cause for the miscalculation to the interviewer. As long as you have an explanation, your answer will be well received.



1. Ask Clarifying Questions



Start by clarifying questions about your understanding of what Google AdSense is and how it generates revenue.



Q) Google AdSense is a Google advertising solution for publishers, and it is only for third-party websites, right?

A) Yes. It does not include Google properties like YouTube.



Q) The way Google AdSense works is that it enables publishers to offer ad space on their properties by allowing marketers to bid for those spaces?

A) Yes



Q) I know that publishers get a share of the bid, so should the estimate exclude this share?

A) No. Estimate the entire AdSense revenue, including the publishers’ share, which by the way is called the Traffic Acquisition Cost.



Q) Should I assume this is a one-year estimate?

A) Yes

Next, take a minute to think about how to approach this estimation question.

2. Explain the Top Line Equation







Many publishers use Google AdSense to sell ad space on their sites and make yearly revenue from these ads. So, I will estimate total ad revenue in one year by multiplying the number of publishers, times the average daily ad revenue per publisher, times the number of days in a year.

3. State Your Assumptions



Assuming, the top 100 online publishers range from the most popular, like The New York Times to the niche publisher like Popular Mechanics. The New York Times has around 10M subscribers, and I assume most of them are daily readers. While a publisher like Popular Mechanics has about 10,000 subscribers that read it once a month. 

So, given that the niche publishers are at the bottom of the top 100, I can safely assume that overall these 100 publishers represent close to 100% of the Google AdSense revenue. I say almost because I am not counting individual bloggers that use Google AdSense.



From memory, I can list at most 20 online publishers like The New York Times, Huffington Post, CNN, and others. And like The New York Times, these publishers draw daily subscribers in the millions, while niche publishers draw subscribers in the thousands that read them monthly. So, I think we can apply the 20/80 rule here, whereby 20% of the top publishers are likely generating 80% of the AdSense revenue

Since we are using the 20/80 rule, my estimation is  80% of Google AdSense revenue is generated by the top 20% of publishers (the root component).

So I will multiply 20, which represents the top 20% of the top 100 publishers, times the average revenue they generate in a day, times 365 days (first level of branches).

Next, I decompose ad revenue for a day into revenue from click ads and impression ads, which are the main ad types offered by Google AdSense (second level of branches).

Then to calculate the ad revenue from click ads for a day, I will multiply the number of visitors per day, times the number of click ads seen by a visitor, times the percentage of those ads that the user clicks on, which is the click-through-rate (CTR), times the cost-per-click (CPC) (third level of branches).

And to calculate the number of click ads seen by a visitor in 1 day, I will calculate the number of pages visited in a day times the number of ads per page times the percentage of those ads that are click-ads (fourth level of branches).

here is how I will calculate the impressions side of the ad revenue (second level, right branch). To calculate the ad revenue from impression ads for a day, I will multiply the number of visitors per day, times the number of impression ads they see per day, times the cost per impression, which is equal to the cost per thousand impressions divided by 1000 (CPM/1000). 

And to calculate the number of impression ads seen by a visitor in one day, similar to the calculation with click ads, I will multiply the number of pages a person visited a page per day times the number of ads per page times the percentage of those ads that are impression ads.

5. Calculate From The Bottom Up



Starting at the bottom left of the estimation tree, I will begin by estimating the number of pages visited per day by a reader. Since I subscribe to The New York Times, I am going to use myself as your average reader to this estimation.

I read The New York Times daily, usually in the mornings for about 30 minutes and during breaks throughout the day. On average, I read about ten news articles or pages a day. So, I will use 10 for the number of pages visited per day.

Now, I figure I see at least five ads per page. So, I will put down 5 as the number of ads per page. And, I am going to assume that on average 50% of the ads I see are clickable and 50% are impression ads. It is the best guess given that marketers frequently use both ad types. So, I will put down 0.5 or 50% as the percentage of click ads. Okay. Now, I can multiply these numbers to obtain the number of click ads seen by a visitor in one day: 10 x 5 x 0.5 equals 25.

Now, let’s move up to the parent branch. Of the top 20 publishers, The New York Times is one of the most popular publishers in the United States and has about 10M subscribers. So, I will consider this the max range for subscribers. The rest of the top 20 publications will also have subscribers in the millions but less than The New York Times. So, let’s say the range of subscribers is between 1 and 10 million. Given no other data point to go by, I am going to take the average, 5M, as the average number of subscribers of these publishers. Since these subscribers are likely to visit their subscriptions daily, I will assume that this is also the number of visitors per day.

Moving on to CTR. I will assume an average rate of 0.5% and for CPC an average rate of $0.5. These are two common averages for digital display ads. So now, we can multiply the number of visitors per day times the 25 click ads seen by a visitor per day times CTR times CPC to calculate the click ad revenue per day, 5M X 25 X 0.5% X $0.5, which is $0.3M per day.

Now, I am going to move to the right side of the estimation tree and calculate impression ads revenue per day. Similar to click ads, I will start at the bottom of the tree. On this branch, all the estimates for the components are the same as the ones for click ads because the number of pages visited by a reader per day is the same regardless of what kind of ads are on the page. The same goes for the number of ads per page. And, I assumed that the other 50% of ads are impression ads. So, the number of ads seen by a visitor per day is 25.

Third Level Branch, Right Side

Now, let’s move up one branch. The number of visitors per day is the same as in click ads, 5M. For the number of ads seen by a visitor, we calculate it to be 25. And, based on my knowledge of average CPM for display ads, my estimate is $1. So, to derive revenue for impressions per day, I will multiply these three components, 5M visitors/day X 25 impression ads seen X $0.001 per impression. This is equal to about $0.13M

Okay, now I will add $0.3M from click ad revenue per day and $0.13M from impressions revenue per day to calculate ad revenue per day. So, $0.3M + $0.13M adds up to $0.4M for ad revenue per day.

(The interviewee writes $0.4M at the top left corner of the ad revenue per day component.)

We now have all the numbers to estimate 80% of Google AdSense revenue per year. So, 20% of the top 100 publishers is 20, times $0.4M of ad revenue per publisher per year, times 365 days. The calculation results in $2.9 billion, which means that the total Google AdSense revenue in a year is $2.9 billion / 80% which is about $3.6 billion.

6. Do A Sanity Check



I think the estimate is much lower than what the Google AdSense revenue actually is. From my reading of Alphabet’s last Annual Report, I know that income from Google Network Member properties is about $17B, so I am off by a factor of about 4.

I think that my assumption that only subscribers are daily readers was too conservative. In fact, the majority of people that visit these publishers are probably not subscribers. They are most likely visitors that do not want to pay for subscriptions, yet they want to read these publishers’ content. So, I am guessing that the ratio between non-subscribers to subscribers that visit these publishers is probably is 4:1, and this explains the discrepancy.

To change my calculation, instead of 5M visitors per day, I would change it to 5M x 4 or 20M. With this change, my results would have been about $16B, which is not too far off from the $17B in the report.



How to Answer Estimation Questions?Useful Data to remember while solving Estimation ProblemsEstimate the Number of ATMs in IndiaEstimate the total number of Airplanes in AirEstimate the Weight of the Empire State BuildingEstimation: How much do Gmail users cost Google?Estimate the Number of WhatsApp Chats occurring in IndiaEstimate the Detergent usage in India per DayEstimate the Number of Mobile Phones Sold in India annuallyEstimate the Number of Hours spent on Smart Phones by all IndiansEstimate the Number of Golf balls that can fit in a School BusEstimate Airbnb's RevenueEstimate the Area of IndiaEstimate the Number of Red Color Swift Cars in DelhiEstimate the Number of Tennis balls you can fit in an AircraftEstimate the Total Length of Roads in your CityEstimate the Market Size of Disposable Diapers in IndiaEstimate the Number of Refrigerators sold in India every yearHow much does a Salon owner make in India?Estimate the Number of Self-Driving CarsCommon Mistakes to avoid while Answering Estimation Questions

How to Answer Estimation Questions?

Useful Data to remember while solving Estimation Problems

Estimate the Number of ATMs in India

Estimate the total number of Airplanes in Air

Estimate the Weight of the Empire State Building

Estimation: How much do Gmail users cost Google?

Estimate the Number of WhatsApp Chats occurring in India

Estimate the Detergent usage in India per Day

Estimate the Number of Mobile Phones Sold in India annually

Estimate the Number of Hours spent on Smart Phones by all Indians

Estimate the Number of Golf balls that can fit in a School Bus

Estimate Airbnb's Revenue

Estimate the Area of India

Estimate the Number of Red Color Swift Cars in Delhi

Estimate the Number of Tennis balls you can fit in an Aircraft

Estimate the Total Length of Roads in your City

Estimate the Market Size of Disposable Diapers in India

Estimate the Number of Refrigerators sold in India every year

How much does a Salon owner make in India?

Estimate the Number of Self-Driving Cars

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Estimation Questions

Product ImprovementHow to answer Product Improvement Questions?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Improvement QuestionsHow would you improve Gmail? How would you improve LinkedIn?How would you improve Grammarly?How would you improve Google Maps?How would you improve WhatsApp?How would you improve Facebook Stories?List of all Product Improvement Questions and Answers

Product Improvement

How to answer Product Improvement Questions?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Improvement QuestionsHow would you improve Gmail? How would you improve LinkedIn?How would you improve Grammarly?How would you improve Google Maps?How would you improve WhatsApp?How would you improve Facebook Stories?List of all Product Improvement Questions and Answers

How to answer Product Improvement Questions?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Improvement Questions

How would you improve Gmail? 

How would you improve LinkedIn?

How would you improve Grammarly?

How would you improve Google Maps?

How would you improve WhatsApp?

How would you improve Facebook Stories?

List of all Product Improvement Questions and Answers

Product DesignHow to Answer Product Design Questions?How to Discover User Pain Points?How to do User Grouping?How would you design a product for improving teenage health?Design an ATM for the BlindDesign Facebook MoviesDesign a Vending Machine for the Blind peopleCommon Mistakes in Answering Product Design Questions

Product Design

How to Answer Product Design Questions?How to Discover User Pain Points?How to do User Grouping?How would you design a product for improving teenage health?Design an ATM for the BlindDesign Facebook MoviesDesign a Vending Machine for the Blind peopleCommon Mistakes in Answering Product Design Questions

How to Answer Product Design Questions?

How to Discover User Pain Points?

How to do User Grouping?

How would you design a product for improving teenage health?

Design an ATM for the Blind

Design Facebook Movies

Design a Vending Machine for the Blind people

Common Mistakes in Answering Product Design Questions

BehavioralDescribe your day-to-day activities as a Product ManagerWhy do you want to leave your current company?Why do you want to join our company?How do you Prioritize your Work?How do you deal with Low Performing Employees?What are you looking for in your next role?How do you know a product is well-designed?What's the one thing that excites you the most about Product Management?What is your least favorite aspect of product management?How do you take product decisions involving multiple stakeholders with consent?How do you use research & data to guide your day-to-day decisions?What tools do you use in your day-to-day activities as a Product Manager?Which type of people do you like to work with?Do you have any questions for me?How do you manage conflicts in your team?What is your biggest failure as a Product Manager?How would you keep developers in your team motivated to turn out quality work?What are your Strengths and Weaknesses?Tell me about a time you had to make a decision to make short-term sacrifices for long-term gains.How do you say NO to a feature/functionality?How do you work with Engineering Team?How will you manage a team where team members are more experienced than you?

Behavioral

Describe your day-to-day activities as a Product ManagerWhy do you want to leave your current company?Why do you want to join our company?How do you Prioritize your Work?How do you deal with Low Performing Employees?What are you looking for in your next role?How do you know a product is well-designed?What's the one thing that excites you the most about Product Management?What is your least favorite aspect of product management?How do you take product decisions involving multiple stakeholders with consent?How do you use research & data to guide your day-to-day decisions?What tools do you use in your day-to-day activities as a Product Manager?Which type of people do you like to work with?Do you have any questions for me?How do you manage conflicts in your team?What is your biggest failure as a Product Manager?How would you keep developers in your team motivated to turn out quality work?What are your Strengths and Weaknesses?Tell me about a time you had to make a decision to make short-term sacrifices for long-term gains.How do you say NO to a feature/functionality?How do you work with Engineering Team?How will you manage a team where team members are more experienced than you?

Describe your day-to-day activities as a Product Manager

Why do you want to leave your current company?

Why do you want to join our company?

How do you Prioritize your Work?

How do you deal with Low Performing Employees?

What are you looking for in your next role?

How do you know a product is well-designed?

What's the one thing that excites you the most about Product Management?

What is your least favorite aspect of product management?

How do you take product decisions involving multiple stakeholders with consent?

How do you use research & data to guide your day-to-day decisions?

What tools do you use in your day-to-day activities as a Product Manager?

Which type of people do you like to work with?

Do you have any questions for me?

How do you manage conflicts in your team?

What is your biggest failure as a Product Manager?

How would you keep developers in your team motivated to turn out quality work?

What are your Strengths and Weaknesses?

Tell me about a time you had to make a decision to make short-term sacrifices for long-term gains.

How do you say NO to a feature/functionality?

How do you work with Engineering Team?

How will you manage a team where team members are more experienced than you?

Product MetricsHow to Answer Product Metrics Questions?How would you evaluate the success of Reactions on Facebook?How would you evaluate the success of Instagram Stories?How would you set goals for Facebook Events?How would you measure the success of Gmail?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Metrics Questions

Product Metrics

How to Answer Product Metrics Questions?How would you evaluate the success of Reactions on Facebook?How would you evaluate the success of Instagram Stories?How would you set goals for Facebook Events?How would you measure the success of Gmail?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Metrics Questions

How to Answer Product Metrics Questions?

How would you evaluate the success of Reactions on Facebook?

How would you evaluate the success of Instagram Stories?

How would you set goals for Facebook Events?

How would you measure the success of Gmail?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Metrics Questions

Product PricingHow to Answer Product Pricing Questions?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Pricing Questions

Product Pricing

How to Answer Product Pricing Questions?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Pricing Questions

How to Answer Product Pricing Questions?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Pricing Questions

PM Interview ExperiencesFacebook - Product Manager Interview QuestionsMicrosoft - Product Manager Interview QuestionsAmazon - Product Manager Interview QuestionsGoogle - Product Manager Interview Questions 1Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 2LinkedIn - Product Manager Interview QuestionsUber - Product Manager Interview QuestionsJunglee Games - Product Manager Interview Experience.UpGrad - Product Manager Interview Experience.Vedantu - Product Manager Interview Experience.CarDekho - Product Manager Interview Experience.Priceline - Product Manager Interview Experience.Flipkart - Product Manager Interview Experience.Nykaa - Product Manager Interview Experience.Uber - Product Manager Interview Experience.

PM Interview Experiences

Facebook - Product Manager Interview QuestionsMicrosoft - Product Manager Interview QuestionsAmazon - Product Manager Interview QuestionsGoogle - Product Manager Interview Questions 1Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 2LinkedIn - Product Manager Interview QuestionsUber - Product Manager Interview QuestionsJunglee Games - Product Manager Interview Experience.UpGrad - Product Manager Interview Experience.Vedantu - Product Manager Interview Experience.CarDekho - Product Manager Interview Experience.Priceline - Product Manager Interview Experience.Flipkart - Product Manager Interview Experience.Nykaa - Product Manager Interview Experience.Uber - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Facebook - Product Manager Interview Questions

Microsoft - Product Manager Interview Questions

Amazon - Product Manager Interview Questions

Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 1

Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 2

LinkedIn - Product Manager Interview Questions

Uber - Product Manager Interview Questions

Junglee Games - Product Manager Interview Experience.

UpGrad - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Vedantu - Product Manager Interview Experience.

CarDekho - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Priceline - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Flipkart - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Nykaa - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Uber - Product Manager Interview Experience.

Product LaunchHow to Answer Product Launch Questions?How would you launch Lyft in India?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Launch Questions

Product Launch

How to Answer Product Launch Questions?How would you launch Lyft in India?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Launch Questions

How to Answer Product Launch Questions?

How would you launch Lyft in India?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Launch Questions

PM Technical InterviewHow to Answer Product Manager Technical Interview Questions?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Manager Technical Questions

PM Technical Interview

How to Answer Product Manager Technical Interview Questions?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Manager Technical Questions

How to Answer Product Manager Technical Interview Questions?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Manager Technical Questions

 A/B TestingHow to Answer A/B Testing Questions?Decide between displaying Facebook’s ‘People You May Know’ or an Advertisement?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering AB Testing Questions

 A/B Testing

How to Answer A/B Testing Questions?Decide between displaying Facebook’s ‘People You May Know’ or an Advertisement?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering AB Testing Questions

How to Answer A/B Testing Questions?

Decide between displaying Facebook’s ‘People You May Know’ or an Advertisement?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering AB Testing Questions

Product ExecutionHow to Answer Problem Solving Questions?Product Execution: Decline in TikTok UsageProduct Execution - Decline in Flipkart's Cart AdditionsProduct Execution: Uber Product Manager Interview - Increase in Cancel RatesProblem Execution - Decline in Facebook Groups UsageCommon Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Manager Problem-Solving QuestionsProduct RoadmapHow to Answer Product Roadmap Questions?Product Roadmap: Micro-Tragedy in Ride-Sharing AppProduct StrategyHow to Answer Product Strategy Questions?Should Facebook consider getting into the Travel industry?How would you launch Facebook's Dating Platform?Should Facebook consolidate its messaging apps?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Strategy QuestionsProduct Trade-offHow to Answer Product Tradeoff Questions?Decide between displaying Facebook’s ‘People You May Know’ or an Advertisement?

Product Execution

How to Answer Problem Solving Questions?Product Execution: Decline in TikTok UsageProduct Execution - Decline in Flipkart's Cart AdditionsProduct Execution: Uber Product Manager Interview - Increase in Cancel RatesProblem Execution - Decline in Facebook Groups UsageCommon Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Manager Problem-Solving Questions

How to Answer Problem Solving Questions?

Product Execution: Decline in TikTok Usage

Product Execution - Decline in Flipkart's Cart Additions

Product Execution: Uber Product Manager Interview - Increase in Cancel Rates

Problem Execution - Decline in Facebook Groups Usage

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Manager Problem-Solving Questions

Product Roadmap

How to Answer Product Roadmap Questions?Product Roadmap: Micro-Tragedy in Ride-Sharing App

How to Answer Product Roadmap Questions?

Product Roadmap: Micro-Tragedy in Ride-Sharing App

Product Strategy

How to Answer Product Strategy Questions?Should Facebook consider getting into the Travel industry?How would you launch Facebook's Dating Platform?Should Facebook consolidate its messaging apps?Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Strategy Questions

How to Answer Product Strategy Questions?

Should Facebook consider getting into the Travel industry?

How would you launch Facebook's Dating Platform?

Should Facebook consolidate its messaging apps?

Common Mistakes to avoid while Answering Product Strategy Questions

Product Trade-off

How to Answer Product Tradeoff Questions?Decide between displaying Facebook’s ‘People You May Know’ or an Advertisement?

How to Answer Product Tradeoff Questions?

Decide between displaying Facebook’s ‘People You May Know’ or an Advertisement?

Google Product Manager InterviewGoogle Product Manager Interview Guide 1Google Product Manager Interview Guide 2Google Product Manager Interview Guide 3Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 1Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 2

Google Product Manager Interview

Google Product Manager Interview Guide 1Google Product Manager Interview Guide 2Google Product Manager Interview Guide 3Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 1Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 2

Google Product Manager Interview Guide 1

Google Product Manager Interview Guide 2

Google Product Manager Interview Guide 3

Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 1

Google - Product Manager Interview Questions 2

Facebook Product Manager InterviewFacebook Product Manager Interview Guide - Part 1Facebook Product Manager Interview Guide - Part 2Facebook - Product Manager Interview Questions

Facebook Product Manager Interview

Facebook Product Manager Interview Guide - Part 1Facebook Product Manager Interview Guide - Part 2Facebook - Product Manager Interview Questions

Facebook Product Manager Interview Guide - Part 1

Facebook Product Manager Interview Guide - Part 2

Facebook - Product Manager Interview Questions

Business Case StudiesWalmart - The Billion $ EmpireAmul's Strategy during the PandemicAirtel-Jio Rivalry: How Airtel is beating Reliance Jio?Frameworks for Structured Product ThinkingMission Statements of Top Tech Companies100+ Product Manager Interview Questions PM Interview Questions from your Work Experience

Business Case Studies

Walmart - The Billion $ EmpireAmul's Strategy during the PandemicAirtel-Jio Rivalry: How Airtel is beating Reliance Jio?

Walmart - The Billion $ Empire

Amul's Strategy during the Pandemic

Airtel-Jio Rivalry: How Airtel is beating Reliance Jio?

Frameworks for Structured Product Thinking

Mission Statements of Top Tech Companies

100+ Product Manager Interview Questions 

PM Interview Questions from your Work Experience

Share this post with a friendSince you liked this post, why not share it to help spread the word?Share