# Tell me about a time you had to make a decision to make short-term sacrifices for long-term gains.

*Source: https://www.mypminterview.com/p/short-term-sacrifies-for-long-term-gain*

---

Short-Term sacrifices for Long-Term gains - Behavioral

Tell me about a time you had to make a decision to make short-term sacrifices for long-term gains.

Share this post with a friendSince you liked this post, why not share it to help spread the word?Share





The second Amazon leadership principle is “Ownership.” (Check Amazon’s Leadership Principles)



Here’s how Amazon explains the principle:

Leaders are owners. They think long-term and don’t sacrifice long-term value for short-term results. They act on behalf of the entire company, beyond just their own team. They never say “that’s not my job.” 

If you’re not clear on what this definition of “ownership” means exactly,  here are some other ways of understanding it. 



If you show ownership, you will:

Ignore boundaries between jobs and departments if necessary to get your project done. If you see a problem and it’s not in your department, you will try to fix it.Along the same lines,  you will manage every dependency and won’t make excuses if something goes wrong. You won’t say, “That wasn’t my job to take care of.”Think about the impact of your decisions on other teams, sites, and the customer over time.Consider future outcomes (scalable, long-term value, and so on).Coach and mentor your team to understand the big picture, how their role supports the overall objectives of Amazon, and how it ties to others.

Ignore boundaries between jobs and departments if necessary to get your project done. If you see a problem and it’s not in your department, you will try to fix it.

Along the same lines,  you will manage every dependency and won’t make excuses if something goes wrong. You won’t say, “That wasn’t my job to take care of.”

Think about the impact of your decisions on other teams, sites, and the customer over time.

Consider future outcomes (scalable, long-term value, and so on).

Coach and mentor your team to understand the big picture, how their role supports the overall objectives of Amazon, and how it ties to others.

One such common PM interview question asked by interviewers is:

Tell me about a time you had to make a decision to make short-term sacrifices for long-term gains.



One easy way to quickly come up with an answer (a story based on your past experience) during the interview is by thinking about a time when you decided to take the easy way or quick fix (satisfying your short term needs) for a task that should have been ideally solved in a much more efficient and scalable way. (satisfying the long-term needs/requirements that are going to come in the future).

You can use the STAR (Situation, Task, Action, Result) interview response framework to answer this question,Describe the context and options (quick and ideal fix) you had, what were the pros and cons of each option. Describe the decisions you took, why you took those decisions and how you persuaded different stakeholders. Finally, explain the outcomes or results generated by the action taken.



This was the time when I started managing the Reporting and Analytics product for my current company (e.g. B2B2C SaaS platform). The reporting system that initially existed involved the generation of email reports via scripts for both internal and external stakeholders on a daily basis. 

A total of ~50 customized scripts used to run on a daily basis for each client which used to take up a lot of computation resources, sometimes also led to delivery failures and it became very difficult to maintain those in case of changes.

Recently we got another such client requirement for a new report that would help them with their day-to-day business operations. After going through the requirement, I realized that it was a modification of an already existing report. 



We had 2 options, 

First to create another daily emailer report for the client (would take ~ 5 working days) but this will add another item to the pile of customized reports that already exists for each client and was getting very difficult to maintain and scale.Second, categorize and create standardized reports for the brands and their partners which lets users select, configure and download reports via the Web portal where they can get real-time data at any time of the day (would take ~ 20 working days).

First to create another daily emailer report for the client (would take ~ 5 working days) but this will add another item to the pile of customized reports that already exists for each client and was getting very difficult to maintain and scale.

Second, categorize and create standardized reports for the brands and their partners which lets users select, configure and download reports via the Web portal where they can get real-time data at any time of the day (would take ~ 20 working days).



The business team wanted us to quickly deliver the requirement (as always), but when I showed them the pros and cons of both our approaches they realized the long term impact the latter approach would have on the overall business for all the clients and their customer and agreed to push the delivery deadline. 



With this, not only we were successfully able to deliver the client requirement within the new timeline but also got a positive response from other clients as well. This led to an increase in end-user CSAT score by ~20% and we are also able to renew and upgrade multiple contracts with our clients which led to an increase of revenue by ~10% in that quarter.



Share this post with a friendSince you liked this post, why not share it to help spread the word?Share