# What's the one thing that excites you the most about Product Management?

*Source: https://www.mypminterview.com/p/what-excites-you-about-product-management*

---

What excites you the most about Product Management? - Behavioral

What's the one thing you like the most about Product Management?

Share this post with a friendSince you liked this post, why not share it to help spread the word?Share



As a product manager, every day, I get to wear different hats, interact and understand customer pain points and work on everything from conceptualizing solutions to strategic planning, designing, development, go-to-market launches, building post-launch adoption and contributing to and growing the business. 

This makes the role unique, challenging and exciting for me.



Here are some of the answers you can give to the Hiring Manager,



I get to create and build innovative products from scratch that can potentially be life-altering for people.Just like an architect helps build roads and buildings, I help in creating digital products. A product manager is one of the key people involved from the beginning. So I get to understand user’s pain points, brainstorm ideas with other industry leaders and build something that can add value to user’s life.Let me give you an example,(Now use the STAR framework to give an example of an Epic product/feaure you built from scratch and how it impacted people’s lifes)Situation - Describe the product/feature.Task - Describe your responsibilities in that situation.Action - Describe how you completed the task or endeavored to meet the challenge.Result - Finally, explain the outcomes or results generated by the action taken.

I get to create and build innovative products from scratch that can potentially be life-altering for people.Just like an architect helps build roads and buildings, I help in creating digital products. A product manager is one of the key people involved from the beginning. So I get to understand user’s pain points, brainstorm ideas with other industry leaders and build something that can add value to user’s life.

Let me give you an example,(Now use the STAR framework to give an example of an Epic product/feaure you built from scratch and how it impacted people’s lifes)

Situation - Describe the product/feature.Task - Describe your responsibilities in that situation.Action - Describe how you completed the task or endeavored to meet the challenge.Result - Finally, explain the outcomes or results generated by the action taken.

The structured way of thinking and defining a problem and figuring out the best possible solutions is what inspired me to move to Product Management. I realized that it not only helped me make better decisions as a Product Manager but has also helped me take better quality decisions in Life.Let me give you an example,(Now use the STAR framework to give an example of some of the decisions you took as a Product Manager in your organisation and how it impacted the Product metrics)Situation -Describe the context.Task -Describe your responsibilities in that situation.Action -Describe how you completed the task or endeavored to meet the challenge.Result -Finally, explain the outcomes or results generated by the action taken.

The structured way of thinking and defining a problem and figuring out the best possible solutions is what inspired me to move to Product Management. I realized that it not only helped me make better decisions as a Product Manager but has also helped me take better quality decisions in Life.

Let me give you an example,(Now use the STAR framework to give an example of some of the decisions you took as a Product Manager in your organisation and how it impacted the Product metrics)

Situation -Describe the context.Task -Describe your responsibilities in that situation.Action -Describe how you completed the task or endeavored to meet the challenge.Result -Finally, explain the outcomes or results generated by the action taken.

A follow-up question to this might be:

How do you take product decisions involving multiple stakeholders?



Share this post with a friendSince you liked this post, why not share it to help spread the word?Share